rustc-perf triage for 2024-04-09 (#5374)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2024-04-10-this-week-in-rust.md

### Rust Compiler Performance Triage

A quiet week; all the outright regressions were already triaged (the one biggish one was #122077, which is justified as an important bug fix). There was a very nice set of improvements from PR #122070, which cleverly avoids a lot of unnecessary allocator calls when building an incremental dep graph by reusing the old edges from the previous graph.

Triage done by **@pnkfelix**.

> Revision range: [3d5528c2..86b603cd](https://perf.rust-lang.org/?start=3d5528c287860b918e178a34f04ff903325571b3&\
> end=86b603cd792b3f6172ba4f676d7b586c1af7630a&absolute=false&stat=instructions%3Au)

Reviewer: remove line break in url:
```suggestion
Revision range: [3d5528c2..86b603cd](https://perf.rust-lang.org/?start=3d5528c287860b918e178a34f04ff903325571b3&end=86b603cd792b3f6172ba4f676d7b586c1af7630a&absolute=false&stat=instructions%3Au)
```

### Rust Compiler Performance Triage

> A quiet week; all the outright regressions were already triaged (the one biggish one was #122077, which is justi\
> fied as an important bug fix). There was a very nice set of improvements from PR #122070, which cleverly avoids \
> a lot of unnecessary allocator calls when building an incremental dep graph by reusing the old edges from the pr\
> evious graph.

Reviewer: remove line breaks:
```suggestion
A quiet week; all the outright regressions were already triaged (the one biggish one was #122077, which is justified as an important bug fix). There was a very nice set of improvements from PR #122070, which cleverly avoids a lot of unnecessary allocator calls when building an incremental dep graph by reusing the old edges from the previous graph.
```
